README.md, before:

<h1 align="center"> Javascript Techincal Interview Coding Questions with Solutions</h1>
<h3 align="center">Collection of Javascript solutions to leetcode problems</h3>

## Solutions:


- [Strings](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Strings)
    - [x] [Valid Parantheses](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Strings/ValidParantheses) ![easy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-easy-brightgreen)
    - [x] [Valid Anagram](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Strings/IsAnagram) ![easy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-easy-brightgreen)
    - [x] [Longest Substring without Repeating Characters](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Strings/LongestSubstringWithoutRepeatingCharacters) ![medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/-medium-orange)
    - [x] [Group Anagrams](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Strings/GroupAnagrams) ![medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/-medium-orange)
    
    
- [Arrays](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Arrays)
    - [x] [Merge Sorted Arrays](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Arrays/MergeSortedArrays) ![easy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-easy-brightgreen)
    - [x] [Contains Duplicates](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Arrays/ContainsDuplicate) ![easy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-easy-brightgreen)
    - [x] [Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Arrays/BestTimeToBuyAndSellStock) ![easy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-easy-brightgreen)
    - [x] [Two Sum](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Arrays/TwoSum) ![easy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-easy-brightgreen)
    - [x] [Maximum Sub-Array](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Arrays/MaximumSubArray) ![easy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-easy-brightgreen)
    - [x] [Number of Recent Calls/Requests Made](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Arrays/NumberOfRecentCalls) ![easy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-easy-brightgreen)
    - [x] [Maximum Distance in Sorted Arrays](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Arrays/MaximumDistanceInArrays) ![easy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-easy-brightgreen)
    - [x] [Three Sum](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Arrays/ThreeSum) ![medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/-medium-orange)
    - [x] [Product of Array Except Self](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Arrays/ProductOfArrayExceptSelf) ![medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/-medium-orange)
    - [x] [Container with most water](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Arrays/ContainerWithMostWater) ![medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/-medium-orange)
    


- [Linked Lists](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/LinkedLists)
    - [x] [Add Two Numbers](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/blob/master/LinkedLists/AddTwoNumbers)
    - [x] [Copy List with Random Pointer](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/LinkedLists/CopyListWithRandomPointer)
    - [x] [Merge Two Sorted Lists](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/LinkedLists/MergeTwoSortedLists)
    - [x] [Merge K Sorted Lists](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/LinkedLists/MergeKSortedLists)
    - [x] [Reverse List](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/LinkedLists/ReverseList)
    - [x] [Linked List Cycle](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/LinkedLists/LinkedListCycle) ![easy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-easy-brightgreen)
    - [ ] [Reverse Nodes in K-Groups](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/LinkedLists/ReverseNodesink-Group)

- [Trees and Graphs](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Trees%20and%20Graphs)
    - [ ] [Breadth First Search Node Distances using Adjacency Matrix](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Trees%20and%20Graphs/BreadthFirstSearchDistances-AM)
    - [x] [Maximum Depth of Binary Tree](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Trees%20and%20Graphs/MaximumDepthOfBinaryTree) ![easy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-easy-brightgreen) 
    - [x] [Level Order Traversal](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Trees%20and%20Graphs/Level%20Order%20Traversal) ![medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/-medium-orange)
    - [ ] [Symmetric Tree](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Trees%20and%20Graphs/Symmetric%20Tree)
    - [ ] [Validate Binary Search Tree](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Trees%20and%20Graphs/ValidateBinarySearchTree)
    - [ ] [Zigzag Level Order Traversal](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Trees%20and%20Graphs/ZigZagLevelOrder)
    - [x] [Number of Islands](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Trees%20and%20Graphs/NumberOfIslands) ![medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/-medium-orange)
    - [ ] [Word Ladder](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Trees%20and%20Graphs/Word%20Ladder) ![hard](https://img.shields.io/badge/-hard-red)
    - [ ] [Course Schedules](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Trees%20and%20Graphs/Course%20Schedule)

- [Dynamic Programming](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Dynamic%20Programming)
    - [x] [Climbing Stairs](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Dynamic%20Programming/ClimbingStairs) ![easy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-easy-brightgreen)
    - [x] [House Robber](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Dynamic%20Programming/HouseRobber) ![easy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-easy-brightgreen)
    - [x] [Jump Game](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Dynamic%20Programming/CanJump) ![medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/-medium-orange)
    - [x] [Longest Increasing Subsequence](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Dynamic%20Programming/LongestIncreasingSubsequence) ![medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/-medium-orange)
    - [x] [Coin Change](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Dynamic%20Programming/CoinChange) ![medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/-medium-orange)
    - [x] [Unique Paths](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Dynamic%20Programming/UniquePaths) ![medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/-medium-orange)
    - [x] [Minimum Path Sum](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Dynamic%20Programming/MinimumPathSum) ![medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/-medium-orange)

Commit message:

Remove Nth Node from the end of the list

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center"> Javascript Techincal Interview Coding Questions with Solutions</h1>
<h3 align="center">Collection of Javascript solutions to leetcode problems</h3>

## Solutions:


- [Strings](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Strings)
    - [x] [Valid Parantheses](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Strings/ValidParantheses) ![easy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-easy-brightgreen)
    - [x] [Valid Anagram](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Strings/IsAnagram) ![easy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-easy-brightgreen)
    - [x] [Longest Substring without Repeating Characters](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Strings/LongestSubstringWithoutRepeatingCharacters) ![medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/-medium-orange)
    - [x] [Group Anagrams](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Strings/GroupAnagrams) ![medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/-medium-orange)
    
    
- [Arrays](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Arrays)
    - [x] [Merge Sorted Arrays](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Arrays/MergeSortedArrays) ![easy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-easy-brightgreen)
    - [x] [Contains Duplicates](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Arrays/ContainsDuplicate) ![easy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-easy-brightgreen)
    - [x] [Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Arrays/BestTimeToBuyAndSellStock) ![easy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-easy-brightgreen)
    - [x] [Two Sum](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Arrays/TwoSum) ![easy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-easy-brightgreen)
    - [x] [Maximum Sub-Array](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Arrays/MaximumSubArray) ![easy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-easy-brightgreen)
    - [x] [Number of Recent Calls/Requests Made](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Arrays/NumberOfRecentCalls) ![easy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-easy-brightgreen)
    - [x] [Maximum Distance in Sorted Arrays](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Arrays/MaximumDistanceInArrays) ![easy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-easy-brightgreen)
    - [x] [Three Sum](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Arrays/ThreeSum) ![medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/-medium-orange)
    - [x] [Product of Array Except Self](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Arrays/ProductOfArrayExceptSelf) ![medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/-medium-orange)
    - [x] [Container with most water](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Arrays/ContainerWithMostWater) ![medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/-medium-orange)
    


- [Linked Lists](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/LinkedLists)
    - [x] [Add Two Numbers](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/blob/master/LinkedLists/AddTwoNumbers)
    - [x] [Copy List with Random Pointer](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/LinkedLists/CopyListWithRandomPointer)
    - [x] [Merge Two Sorted Lists](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/LinkedLists/MergeTwoSortedLists)
    - [x] [Merge K Sorted Lists](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/LinkedLists/MergeKSortedLists)
    - [x] [Reverse List](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/LinkedLists/ReverseList)
    - [x] [Linked List Cycle](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/LinkedLists/LinkedListCycle) ![easy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-easy-brightgreen)
    - [x] [Remove Nth Node from the End of the List](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/LinkedLists/RemoveNthNodeFromEndOfList) ![medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/-medium-orange)
    - [ ] [Reverse Nodes in K-Groups](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/LinkedLists/ReverseNodesink-Group)

- [Trees and Graphs](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Trees%20and%20Graphs)
    - [ ] [Breadth First Search Node Distances using Adjacency Matrix](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Trees%20and%20Graphs/BreadthFirstSearchDistances-AM)
    - [x] [Maximum Depth of Binary Tree](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Trees%20and%20Graphs/MaximumDepthOfBinaryTree) ![easy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-easy-brightgreen) 
    - [x] [Level Order Traversal](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Trees%20and%20Graphs/Level%20Order%20Traversal) ![medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/-medium-orange)
    - [ ] [Symmetric Tree](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Trees%20and%20Graphs/Symmetric%20Tree)
    - [ ] [Validate Binary Search Tree](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Trees%20and%20Graphs/ValidateBinarySearchTree)
    - [ ] [Zigzag Level Order Traversal](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Trees%20and%20Graphs/ZigZagLevelOrder)
    - [x] [Number of Islands](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Trees%20and%20Graphs/NumberOfIslands) ![medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/-medium-orange)
    - [ ] [Word Ladder](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Trees%20and%20Graphs/Word%20Ladder) ![hard](https://img.shields.io/badge/-hard-red)
    - [ ] [Course Schedules](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Trees%20and%20Graphs/Course%20Schedule)

- [Dynamic Programming](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Dynamic%20Programming)
    - [x] [Climbing Stairs](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Dynamic%20Programming/ClimbingStairs) ![easy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-easy-brightgreen)
    - [x] [House Robber](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Dynamic%20Programming/HouseRobber) ![easy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-easy-brightgreen)
    - [x] [Jump Game](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Dynamic%20Programming/CanJump) ![medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/-medium-orange)
    - [x] [Longest Increasing Subsequence](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Dynamic%20Programming/LongestIncreasingSubsequence) ![medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/-medium-orange)
    - [x] [Coin Change](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Dynamic%20Programming/CoinChange) ![medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/-medium-orange)
    - [x] [Unique Paths](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Dynamic%20Programming/UniquePaths) ![medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/-medium-orange)
    - [x] [Minimum Path Sum](https://github.com/sbrshkappa/Javascript-Interview-LeetCode/tree/master/Dynamic%20Programming/MinimumPathSum) ![medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/-medium-orange)
